# Generating-Questions-Answers
I made this software as my final year project!

Answering questions about a given topic is an efficient way to assess one’s knowledge of any subject. It is challenging and time-consuming to come up with a new set of questions on a regular basis. A question-answer system can be used in many forms in the education industry. It can be used by teachers to conduct quizzes, make flashcards, judge how much a student has understood a particular topic, have a fun interaction with the class, etc. Due to the pandemic, teachers find it difficult to understand if the student has truly grabbed the information that has been taught. Hence taking daily quizzes makes it easier to access and builds the student-teacher relationship on a deeper level. Generating a different set of questions is a very difficult and time-consuming task. We focus on solving this problem.

Our model uses Natural Language Processing (NLP), that is, it uses the technique of teaching a machine to understand human language and generate questions in human language with correct grammar. There have been a few attempts in making a question-answer model which is mentioned in this report but the major drawback of each model was the accuracy of the questions which were generated. The accuracy depends on the quality of the questions generated, how relevant the question is and how much is the question grammatical correct. Keeping these metrics on our mind, we have built the question answering model. 
